PR: Add FAQ about using modules with Spyder (#259)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/faq.rst

Using Spyder
============

> .. dropdown:: Q: How do I install Python packages to use within Spyder if installed Spyder with conda?

Reviewer: I'd rewrite this as "How do I install Python packages to use within Spyder if I installed Spyder with conda?" (with "I" added after "if") for grammatical correctness.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me.

   Click :guilabel:`Restart kernel` in the :guilabel:`Consoles` menu for this change to take effect.

> .. dropdown:: Q: How do I install Python packages to use within Spyder if downloaded Spyder from the standalone installers?

Reviewer: As before, add "I" after "if".

Reviewer 2: Agreed too.

   :container: + dropdown-id-using-packages-installer

   If you want to use other modules that don't come with our installer, you need to install `Miniconda`_ (**Only if you don't have Anaconda or Miniconda yet!**).

   .. _Miniconda: https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)

   Then, you need to create a new conda environment with the modules that you want to use with spyder and include ```spyder-kernels``` in it.

>    For example, if you want to use ```scikit-klearn``, open your terminal or Anaconda prompt on Windows and run the following commmads:

Reviewer: scikit-learn, without the second k

Reviewer 2: My bad, good catch @jitseniesen!

   Click :guilabel:`Restart kernel` in the :guilabel:`Consoles` menu for this change to take effect.

.. dropdown:: Q: How do I install Python packages to use within Spyder if downloaded Spyder from the standalone installers?
   :container: + dropdown-id-using-packages-installer

>    If you want to use other modules in Spyder that don't come with our installer, you need to install `Miniconda`_ (**Only if you don't have Anaconda or Miniconda yet!**). For Spyder to recognize it, the installation should be done in one of the default paths. See the table below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you want to use other modules in Spyder that don't come with our installer, you need to install `Miniconda`_ (**only if you don't have Anaconda or Miniconda yet!**). For Spyder to recognize it, the installation should be done in one of the following default paths:
```

- There's no need to start a sentence capitalized when it's in parenthesis.
- I think the my second suggestion add better rhythm to the sentence.

       |C:\Miniconda                     |   /opt/miniconda                |
       +---------------------------------+---------------------------------+
       |C:\Anaconda3                     |   /opt/anaconda3                |
       +---------------------------------+---------------------------------+
       |C:\Miniconda3                    |   /opt/miniconda3               |
       +---------------------------------+---------------------------------+
       |C:\ProgramData\Anaconda          |                                 |
       +---------------------------------+---------------------------------+
       |C:\ProgramData\Miniconda         |                                 |
       +---------------------------------+---------------------------------+
       |C:\ProgramData\Anaconda3         |                                 |
       +---------------------------------+---------------------------------+
       |C:\ProgramData\Miniconda3        |                                 |
       +---------------------------------+---------------------------------+

   .. _Miniconda: https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html

>    Then, you need to create a new conda environment with the modules that you want to use with spyder and include ``spyder-kernels`` in it. For example, if you want to use ``scikit-klearn``, open your terminal or Anaconda prompt on Windows and run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Then, you need to create a new conda environment with the modules that you want to use with Spyder and include ``spyder-kernels`` in it. For example, if you want to use ``scikit-klearn``, open your terminal or the Anaconda prompt on Windows and run the following commands:
```

Small corrections.

   .. code-block:: bash

      conda create -n spyder-env -y
      conda activate spyder-env
      conda install spyder-kernels scikit-learn -y

>    Finally, you need to connect Spyder with this new environment by changing Spyder’s default Python interpreter. To do this, click the name of the current environment in the status bar, and then click :guilabel:`Change default environment in Preferences`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Finally, you need to connect Spyder to this environment by changing Spyder’s default Python interpreter. To do this, click the name of the current environment in the status bar, and then click :guilabel:`Change default environment in Preferences`.
```

Small corrections too.

   .. image:: /images/faq/faq-change-environment.png
      :alt: Change default environment in Preferences option in status bar

>    This will open the :guilabel:`Preferences` dialog in the :guilabel:`Python interpreter` section. Here, select the option :guilabel:`Use the following Python interpreter`, and use the dropdown below to select your preferred environment. If it is not listed, use the text box or the :guilabel:`Select file` button to enter the path to the Python interpreter you want to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This will open our :guilabel:`Preferences` in the :guilabel:`Python interpreter` section. Here, select the option :guilabel:`Use the following Python interpreter`, and use the dropdown below to select your preferred environment. If it is not listed there, use the text box or the :guilabel:`Select file` button to enter the path to the Python interpreter you want to use.
```

- No need to mention that Preferences is a dialog. I think that's a technical detail that users are not interested in.
- I think `there` is missing.
